Prepare 1.0.0 release (#1120)
Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization: CHANGELOG.md

> 1.0.0 / 2020-10-08

Reviewer: It's 9-th, isn't it?

==================

The first public stable release, yay!
The definitions of stability and backwards compatibility guarantees are located in the [corresponding document](docs/compatibility.md).
We now also have a GitHub Pages site with [full API reference](https://kotlin.github.io/kotlinx.serialization/).

> It does not differ much from RC2 in terms of features.
> However, all of the previously deprecated declarations were deleted. 
> So if you use RC/RC2 and still use deprecated declarations, please, migrate before updating to 1.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to RC2, no new features apart from #947 were added and all previously deprecated declarations and migrations were deleted. 
If you are using RC/RC2 along with deprecated declarations, please, migrate before updating to 1.0.0.
```

> In case you still use pre-1.0 versions (e.g. 0.20.0), refer to our [migration guide](docs/migration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you are using pre-1.0 versions (e.g. 0.20.0), please refer to our [migration guide](docs/migration.md).
```

  
### Bugfixes and improvements

  * Support nullable types at top-level for JsonElement decoding (#1117)

>   * Add CBOR ignoreUnknownKeys option (#947)

Reviewer: Let's mention our external contributors here to give them credit?

Author: updated
